First things first game is very basic I will even leave player right next to Shop so you don't to navigate.
You can walk around map using WASD keys, right where you spawn you will see shop,every arrow is pointing to
it so you can;t miss it xD.Use "E" to interact with doors and shopkeeper. Press Tab to open inventory and click 
on the items to equip. Walk up to the shopkeeper as you go through shop door and press "E" to open shop. Left side is 
for selling and right is for buying. Basically that is the whole gameplay.

NOTE: I was not able to spend 2 days on this due to my very heavy schedule at current work.

I purchased couple of packages and on of them was for characters, in the movement part I simply took what was already there 
whichi is all four sides of charachter was set up with animation so I ddn;t want to waste a lot of time on it and simply
made controller so that it switched between these four gameobjkects based on whcih way player is going.

Interacting with enviroment is pretty easy, I thought to have Interface Interactable that player keeps track of, 
way he does it is using raycasts, where player checks if any of the interactable items are near him if so he interacts with first one caught.
probably was better Idea to check for distance and get closest one but well it just occured to me so I would improve on that. Intorducing Interface 
Interactable makes scaling this system easy. Door was first interactable and using thsi interface adding shopkeeper to be intravtable was quite easy and fast so that is why i did it in case game scales.

Doors are set up using prefabs we have passage prefab that contains 2 doors which are endpoints basically and know about each other, using prefab was smart 
here in my opinion because adding another passage is quite easy now simply need to add the prefab change positions of the doors and it works, but we also 
need to create the new camera for the new place we are teleporting to add it under the CameraManager. When Teleporting system gets the camera based on the
Place enum which is to help us keep track of which camera needs to be activated. This is the fastest, easiest scalable system I could come up for now.

States of the player is something I wish I had time for, I didn't think I would need but at the end I thought to myself starting with state pattern would
be far easier. I would have three states Shopping, Moving, Transitioning. Only reason I didn;t go for this is because there are only 3 states, but if we scaled 
the game we would need eaither state pattern or behavioural tree pattern. Better would be If i went fot state pattern for now. This is something I would fix also.

